I want to talk about the end of steroid
use as [music] we know it.
Hi, my name is John Jquish. I'm a doctor
of biomedical engineering which gives me
a unique perspective beyond what many
influencers on social media have to say.
Today I want to talk about the end of
steroid use as we know it. I know
there's going to be some people who are
avid fans of taking anabolic drugs and
they're going to be like, "Yeah,
whatever, dude." Like, you're wrong. Uh,
also, a lot of people like to accuse me
of uh partaking in such things, and I
don't. However, I do use testosterone
replacement therapy. So, I've never said
I'm natural. I'm not like I for many for
more than 20 years did injectable TRT.
Now I use fast acting testosterone which
is a gel that I squirt under my tongue
tongue called Nandrogen that is uh I I
believe it's out officially this week
but I've been using it uh as it I'm one
of the developers of it for the past 2
years and I believe that this this
method of fast acting testosterone will
end the need even though there really
was never any need and the practice
let's today of doing cycles of anabolic
steroids. So the reason people do cycles
of anabolic steroids is they introduce a
supernatural level of anabolic
androgenic compound into the bloodstream
and there's side effects to that. So the
body once realizing that the level of
testosterone is outrageously high starts
to upregulate something called SHBG, sex
hormone binding globulin. Sex hormone
meaning testosterone binding meaning it
grabs a hold of testosterone and keeps
it from being available to attach to any
receptor site in muscle uh or anywhere
else. It kind of cancels out your
testosterone. So the reason these guys
do cycles is to try and get away from
the body's adaptation
of upregulating SHPG. So somebody will
start with a dosage and go for
maybe four or 6 weeks and then they'll
up the dosage. So SHBG is going up, but
then the dosage goes up. So, it takes
another uh it typically takes uh 2
months, so 60 days to for SHBG to catch
up. So, then they go off completely and
then they go off for however long the
length of time they were on is for and
there's all sorts of side effects cuz
their hormones crash. Uh their
testosterone goes near zero potentially.
Not everybody's the same, but uh they
suffer in this period of time when
they're post cycle. But you have to do
this to get the SHBG back down so you
can repeat the whole process over again.
Lot of side effects. It's miserable.
But the way I'm doing TRT
is fast acting testosterone only in the
morning. If you do it in the evening,
you're screwing everything up
in the morning because that way your
body is upregulating testo. Well, you're
upregulating your testosterone, which is
what your body normally does earlier in
the day and then it drops off very
quickly after that. So, you have a
normal or even lowered level of SHPG.
And when that happens, and that's in
perpetuity if you do this on a daily
basis. So, it's almost like doing a
cycle which lasts from 8:00 a.m. to
10:00 a.m. every day and then the rest
of the time your body just behaving
normally. So, you get the benefits of
the testosterone. And I won't say none
of the side effects because we don't
know everything about this yet, but a
dramatically reduced amount of side
effects that have been seen from the
early users of this product. And fast
acting testosterone has been around for
a long time. uh often called
testosterone suspension,
but it's not been popular because
suspension crystallizes
in the water that it's usually suspended
in and it feels like you're injecting
shards of broken glass. Very painful.
The people who have done it in the past
will recommend against doing it because
of that pain reason because once you
have that level of pain, then you can
hardly exercise. So like it's it's not a
mystery why people didn't like that. But
the fast acting method I believe will
completely nullify
the need for doing cycles because you
can actually stick to a natural dosage.
I'm sure somebody will push the dosage
higher but the benefit in the usage. So
for example in the early tests of
Nandrogen with 15 milligs a day
individuals would get to 2300 nanogs to
the deciliter
for about an hour and then it drops way
down to your whatever your natural level
is. And if you're if your natural level
is not that high that's okay because you
got the benefit of it being at peak when
it was supposed to be at peak. So the
side effects that are normally
associated, they don't happen because
that's not when the body's looking for
it. The body's really looking for high
testosterone at night to initiate all of
these counter measures. And as long as
you don't have it high later in the day
or at night, you're going to do amazing
and you're not going to have any of the
side effects. And I do believe, firmly
believe that if people start using
testosterone in this manner, now
hopefully they're doing it through a
physician and they're getting real TRT,
but I know there's going to be some
people who just want to cowboy this and
do it on their own. You will be so much
better off if you just keep [music] the
exposure to the anabolics
fast acting and only in the morning.
Uh, if you have any questions, and I'm
sure there will be lots, uh, put them in
the comments and I'll address [music]
them all. Thanks. If this video helped
you, I want you to subscribe and follow.
I'm going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.
[music]